# MULTIPLEX-THEATER-ONLINE-BOOKING-SYSTEM
Cinema-going is one of the most popular out-of-home cultural activities, affecting a serious of social, economic and cultural phenomena in modern societies. Cinemas are considered to be an integral part of cities and they contribute to the definition of a local geography and identity. They also contribute to the preservation of the collective memory, since they constitute a significant social and cultural practice linked to a specific place, which acts as a common reference or landmark for many individuals. Through this project we present a comprehensive solution for ticket booking in multiplexes. Theater management system, an online ticket selling software that is easy to understand, easy to use and offers the simplicity of fast point-and-click service to the customers. This powerful software program is specifically designed for theater owners, to sell tickets online. This intuitive visual interface makes day-to-day aspects of selling, exchanging, refunding, and reporting fast and easy for both the user and administrators. Theater management controls all back-end functionalities like, movie details, ticket rate and show time, customer information and sales history saved in a database, etc. Theater admin manages the report details like counter wise report, daily, weekly, monthly report and movie report etc. Our project has the following limitations:- 1. In this system the customer will not select seat number. The authorized people in this process will be the employee who works at the cinema. 2. In this system the customer can book the tickets only for the present day. Advanced booking for the upcoming movies (2 or 3 months before the movie is released) is not included but can be included later. 3. Also, a printing system will not be in this project. In future, a ticket printing system can be integrated. 4. The customers who have booked the tickets must reach the multiplex 30 minutes prior to the show time or else ticket will get cancelled.
# Roles / Responsibilities 
Done  logging by using log4j in each module.
Tested all the functionalities using JUnit4.
Handled Exception in java .
Used Sql queries for retrieving the data from the database.
Utilized pom.xml to import dependencies.
Used JDBC to connect Java and SQL database.
Completed the entire project using Maven.
# Environment / Technologies 
Java, JDBC, MySQL, Maven, JUnit, Log4J
